# Project: Implementation of the Prisoner’s Dilemma

This is a competitive game among players, where the objective is to finish with the most points.
Players will a spawn in a world that consists of tiles, and each tile is capable of producing points. There can only be one player per tile, and being on a tile makes the player on it gain its points. Players can move in any direction, however, before moving into a tile, they must wait a small amount of time while declaring their intention to move in a given tile; in practice, this means that each tile is aware of which player intends to move into it. If, after waiting, there is no other player that moves into the target tile, then the player may move into it and have all its points.
However, if one or more player shows interest in the same tile, then the players contending for the tile have to make a choice: share or take. If all players agree to share a tile, then its points are split equally among them. If one player takes and the rest share, then the player that takes receives all the points. If at least two players both decide to take, then a conflict ensues, damaging the tile, and contending players all receive 0 points. Note: at most four players can surround a tile, so at most four players can contend for one tile.
While tiles aren’t occupied, they can regenerate points. Each tile starts with a random amount of points, and the regeneration rate is also random.
Each player has their own strategy, but they all share the move() and contend() method, the first determining where they go, and the second outputting whether they share or take after contending for a tile.
